# Urban Dictionary Wordlist Generator

Recently I was curious about downloading a wordlist from Urban Dictionary.
I noticed there was no such list available for download from their website.

I therefore have created this simple Web Scraper which compiles a list of all
of the available words from Urban Dictionary to date. You can also choose ranges
or letters and special characters, based on your needs.

If you are reading this, you probably have a good reason for needing a 
wordlist from urban dictionary, such as security, NLP, or just plain curiosity.

## Usage

At this point, the program is command line only, but there are plans to
create a GUI in the future.

This program is written in Python and is very easy to use, just simply type:

    $> python uswg.py

And all words from Urban Dictionary will be printed out to STDOUT 

if you would like just one letter, type:

    $> python uswg.py A

to get all the words that start with the letter 'A':

if you would like a range, say 'B' through 'D', type:

    $> python uswg.py B D

Finally, if you would like words that what with special characters or numbers,
use the '*' character, type:

    $> python uswg.py \*

Keep in mind that typing:

    $> python uswg.py A \*

is Equivalent to typing:

    $> python uswg.py

## Wordlist structure

The structure of the file is like any other wordlist file, with a list of terms
delimited by the newline character.

At this time, no wordlist comes with the program, but I may attach one soon.

##Disclaimer

This project absolutely no affiliation with the website Urban Dictionary.

All contents generated by this program are used at the discretion of the user.
I do not condone the use of this data for illicit purposes.

## Requirements

[Beautifulsoup](http://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/)